January 14th, 2025, 9:00 am to 10:30 am
Present: Jackson Rawes, Owen Fleming, Ryan Ulgiati, Ares Miller, Nathan Hawrylak, Connor Dodds
Absent: None

-Decided to contact TA to arrange a meeting with them to discuss our project on Thursday the 16th at 6:00 pm.
-Discussed how text and images will be pulled from written notes with snipping tool-like functionality.
-Developed requirements list for the functionalities of the application including photo submission, file type conversion, “snipping” files, multi-uploading, separating images, commenting, note creation, liking notes, plaintext conversion, image compression, a show more button, and keeping load times reasonable.
-Designated requirements as front-end or back-end.
-Discussed logistics of compression using gzip. Jackson will investigate this further.
-Decided to convert image to png python code into javascript and discussed edge case of the of the file having “.” in the file name. To overcome this edge case, start reading file names from the back.
-Converted requirements into user stories for the report and covered areas missed in initial requirement run through.
-Created a Jira project to hold user stories and separate them into sprints.
-Split the requirements between members for implementation.
-Decided to wait for the meeting with the TA to finish the backlog.
End of meeting
